# Room

- `UniqueId` : Unique id of the room.
- `Password` : password of the room.
- `UsersCount` : range of users which can join the room.
- `Level` : level of room, room can have level for simple match making, type is a range.
- `AccessMode` : default value of access mode is `AccessMode.Public` which means any users can join it, `AccessMode.Private` is for no public Rooms and just with his `UniqueId` and users in it are available.
- `GameStarted` : is the game already started or not.
- `Users` : list of users who joined the room.
- `RoundsCount` : returns number of game's rounds.
- `AllUsersJoined` : returns true if all of users are joined the room.
- `AddUserAsync` : adds an user to the room.

- `StartRoundAsync()` : starts the first playable round, if not available `GameCompletedAsync()` task will be run.
- `ForceGameToEndAsync()` : will end the game immediately.
- `CurrentRound` : returns current playing round.
- `RemoveUserAsync(User user)` : removes an user from the room.
- `KickUserAsync(User user)` : kick an user from the room.
- `GameComplete` : returns true if the game has been completed.
- `IsPlaying` : returns true if any round is active and playing.
- `GameCompletedAsync()` : run when game is completed.
- `NewUserJoinedAsync(User user)` : run when a new user joins.
- `RoomReadyForStartAsync(List<User> users)` : run when room is ready to start.
- `RoundStartedAsync(ushort roundId)` : run when new round starts.
- `UserExitedAsync(User user)` : run when an user exits from the room.
- `UserKickedAsync(User user)` : run when an user gets kicked from the room.
- `CleanUsers()` : remove users which not in room anymore.
- `Destroy()` : remove all user from room.